add docs (#889)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/cart/containers/mini-cart.mdx

| `showDiscount` | `boolean` | No | Flag to show discounts in the mini cart. |
| `showSavings` | `boolean` | No | Flag to show savings in the mini cart. |
| `enableItemRemoval` | `boolean` | Yes | Flag to enable removing items from the mini cart. When set to true, users can remove products from the cart directly in the mini cart interface. |

> | `enableQuantityUpdate` | `boolean \| { removeOnZero?: boolean }` | No | Enables quantity updates in the mini cart. Pass `{ removeOnZero: true }` to also remove the item when the quantity reaches `0`; defaults to `false`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `enableQuantityUpdate` | `boolean` | { removeOnZero?: boolean }` | No | Enables quantity updates in the mini cart. Pass `{ removeOnZero: true }` to remove items when quantity reaches `0`. Defaults to `false`. |
```
